lessons 3/4: parsing and disambiguation (#1847)
kframework/k: k-distribution/k-tutorial/1_basic/03_parsing/README.md

Well, the rule for priority is slightly more complex than previously described.
In actual fact, it applies only conditionally. Specifically, it applies in
cases where the child is either the first or last production item in the
parent's production. For example, in the production `Bool "&&" Bool`, the
first `Bool` non-terminal is not preceded by any terminals, and the last `Bool`
non-terminal is not followed by any terminals. As a result of this, we apply
the priority rule to both children of `&&`. However, in the `()` operator, 
the sole non-terminal is both preceded by and followed by a terminal. As a
result, the priority rule is not applied when `()` is the parent. Because of
this, the program we mentioned above successfully parses.

## Associativity

Even having broken the expression grammar into priority blocks, the resulting
grammar is still ambiguous. We can see this if we try to parse the following
program (`assoc.bool`):

```
true && false && false
```

Priority blocks will not help us here: the problem comes between two parses
where both possible parses have a direct parent and child which is within a
single priority block.

> This is where the notion of associativity comes into play. Essentially,
> associativity applies the following additional rule to parses: a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where the notion of associativity comes into play.
Associativity applies the following additional rules to parses: a
```
